fix(k8s): content review (#2569)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/reference-content/kubernetes-load-balancer.mdx

- [Managing Kubernetes Load Balancer IPs](/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/managing-load-balancer-ips/)
- [Using annotations for Kubernetes Load Balancers](/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/using-load-balancer-annotations/)

> \* Though this documentation may be useful, bear in mind that it principally concerns Load Balancers outside a Kubernetes context. Remember to always create and configure Load Balancers for your Kubernetes cluster via the methods described on this page and **not** via the Scaleway console, API, or devtools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* Though this documentation may be useful, bear in mind that it principally concerns Load Balancers outside a Kubernetes context. Remember to always create and configure Load Balancers for your Kubernetes cluster via the methods described on this page and **not** via the Scaleway console, API, or developer tools.
```
